Since our properties file is actually a java.properties file
and not just a Spring properties file,
we can go ahead and change these parameters right
inside of our application.properties.
So I'm going to go ahead and set logging.level.org.hibernate.SQL=DEBUG,
and you can turn that up and down to the various
logging levels for whatever you want.
Once you've maybe got the basis of your application set up,
you'll switch it to warn or even error.
Then I'm going to turn on spring.jpa.show‑sql=true and
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.format_sql=true.
These are really JPA properties,
not Spring properties, but Spring does have an interface to those to tune those.
So now that we have all these, we can save this.
And when we fire up our application for the first time in the next module,
it will produce those SQL log statements for us.
It'll show the actual SQL that's being executed, and it'll be formatted to a human‑readable format.